# A control program for a robot


## Description
JsRobot is a robot control program. The robot is located in a 2 dimensional room, and it can moves in the room by a string of commands in English or Swedish.

The command is:

| Language | Turn left | Turn right | Move forward |
| :------: | :-------: | :--------: | :----------: |
| English  |     L     |     R      |      F       |
| Swedish  |     V     |     H      |      G       |

When all commands are executed the program should report which coordinate (x,y) the robot is located and what direction the robot is facing. 

At start the robot is always facing **North**.

The room could have 2 shapes, **square** or **circular**.

## Example
Room is **square** of **5x5** and the start position for the robot at **(1,2)**, command string is **HGHGGHGHG**, report: **1 3 N**

## Installation and Running

### 1) installation
    a) install the nodejs

### 2) running
    a) cd the dir where the server.js is in, then run the command:
    
        nodejs server.js
        
## Architecture
The entire system can be divided into two parts: the front end and the back end.

The backend is written in nodejs and provides interfaces for initializing the room, initializing the robot, and moving the robot. The front end uses angularjs to provide the human machine interface.

According to the requirements, we can think that no matter what the shape of the room, it can be expressed as a rectangle containing a specific shape.

Rectangles can be represented by coordinate points and stored in a two-dimensional array. A specific shape can be generated by setting the specific coordinate point in the array which can be calculated.

This simplifies the problem of moving the robot in a rectangular room.

In practice, the robot itself should be movable, and it can be judged whether it can move to the next position. For example, it can be judged whether there is an obstacle in front by infrared or laser or collision detection. However, in this project, the movement of the robot and the judgment of the obstacle can be given to the room for execution, so that the robot can be designed to be only a passive object that receives an instruction to perform an action.
